Add docs folder (#69)
uport-project/uport-android-sdk: docs/key_management.md

## Uport android signer

> This library is used to create and manage keys for uport account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `signer` library is used to create and manage keys for uport accounts.
It can be used independently but it is ultimately meant to be used as part of the android SDK, wrapped behind easier to use abstractions (like the `Signer` interface, or an `Account` object).
```

It supports creating keyPairs from seed phrases,
protecting these keys with authenticated encryption (android lock-screen / fingerprint),
signing ETH transactions and signing uPort specific JWTs.

Where available, keys and seeds created by this lib will be protected by
encryption backed by ARM Trusted Execution Environment (TEE).

Note: The curve used for ETH signing is not backed by the TEE,
therefore private keys exist in memory while in use but are encrypted with TEE keys while on storage.

### Import

in your main `build.gradle`:
```groovy

allprojects {
    repositories {
        ...
        maven { url 'https://jitpack.io' }
    }
}
```
in your app `build.gradle`:
```groovy

> uport_sdk_version = "v0.2.2"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uport_sdk_version = "v0.3.2"
```

val derivationPath = "m/44'/60'/0'/0/0"

//the transaction payload, base64 encoded
val txPayloadB64 = Base64.encodeToString( transaction.rlpEncode(), Base64.DEFAULT )

//gets shown to the user on fingerprint dialog or on lockscreen, based on `KeyProtection.Level` used
val prompt = "Please sign this transaction"

UportHDSigner().signTransaction(activity, rootAddress, derivationPath, txPayloadB64, prompt, { err, sigData ->
    if (err != null) {
        //handle error
    } else {
        //use sigData r,s,v components
    }
})

```

Note: The requirement to encode the transaction payload as a base64 string is subject to change in future releases

##### uPort specific JWTs

This lib can also produce signatures for uPort specific JWTs:
The method signature is the same but the signing method differs.

Also, do note that in the current version of this API,
 `data` is a Base64 encoded string (not a serialized JSON) - this is subject to change in future releases

```kotlin

UportHDSigner().signJwtBundle(activity, rootAddress, derivationPath, data, prompt, { err, sigData ->
    if (err != null) {
        //handle error
    } else {
        //use sigData r,s,v components
    }
})

```

> ### Changelog

Reviewer: Please remove the changelog section

//the transaction payload, base64 encoded
val txPayloadB64 = Base64.encodeToString( transaction.rlpEncode(), Base64.DEFAULT )

//gets shown to the user on fingerprint dialog or on lockscreen, based on `KeyProtection.Level` used
val prompt = "Please sign this transaction"

UportHDSigner().signTransaction(activity, rootAddress, derivationPath, txPayloadB64, prompt, { err, sigData ->
    if (err != null) {
        //handle error
    } else {
        //use sigData r,s,v components
    }
})

```

Note: The requirement to encode the transaction payload as a base64 string is subject to change in future releases

##### uPort specific JWTs

This lib can also produce signatures for uPort specific JWTs:
The method signature is the same but the signing method differs.

Also, do note that in the current version of this API,
 `data` is a Base64 encoded string (not a serialized JSON) - this is subject to change in future releases

```kotlin

UportHDSigner().signJwtBundle(activity, rootAddress, derivationPath, data, prompt, { err, sigData ->
    if (err != null) {
        //handle error
    } else {
        //use sigData r,s,v components
    }
})

```

### Changelog

> #### latest

Author: @mirceanis I think we should remove this or update it with most recent changes if any

Reviewer: yes, exactly.
please remove the changelog section
